Learn about the important features of Big Dollar Casino such as available games and game providers, bonking options and promotions including the Big Dollar Casino no deposit bonus and promo code required to claim it.
Big Dollar Casino offers a variety of bonuses and promotions that both new and existing players can take advantage of. Our casino review of Big Dollar will look at their different promo offers as well as available games, banking options and other factors that are important to players when choosing an online casino.
Big Dollar Casino got its start in 2006 and is owned by Genesys Technology N.V. The site operates with a Curacao eGaming license. The website has a simple layout and it is easy to find your way around so you won’t have to waste a lot of time looking for what you want.
Residents of most countries can play at Big Dollar but according to the site’s terms and conditions, players from the following countries are prohibited.
The Big Dollar website is only available in English.
Big Dollar has a simple sign-up process so it is easy for new players to get started.
Bonuses are a great way for online casinos to attract new users and reward existing players, and an excellent way for players to add to their bankroll.  There are a variety of bonus and promo types such as no deposit bonuses, welcome bonuses and matching deposit bonuses.
There are plenty of promotions for players at Big Dollar including a Big Dollar Casino no deposit bonus. NDBs are popular because players can win real money no deposit required. It should be noted that Big Dollar Casino NDB codes and offers are updated periodically.
Check back regularly for the newest Big Dollar Casino no deposit bonus offers and codes.
If you are interested in a NDB from one of the Big Dollar Casino sister casinos, then check out the Lotus Asia Casino no deposit bonus.
Now let’s take a look at some of the current bonuses being offered by Big Dollar.
There is a nice welcome waiting for new players when they sign-up to Big Dollar. The first part of the offer is a no deposit sign-up bonus.
There is a 60x wagering requirement on the Big Dollar Casino free spins.
After a new player has created an account on the site, they can claim a welcome bonus when they make their first deposit.
There is a 60x wagering requirement on the matching deposit bonus. The minimum deposit to qualify for the bonus is $20.
Players even have the choice of an alternative welcome bonus.
This promotion can only be claimed on your first deposit. There is a 60x wagering requirement on free spins and the matching deposit. A minimum deposit of $20 is required to be eligible.
To claim the welcome bonus, enter promo code in the “Cashier” section of the site.
You can get 5% cash back on any money that you lose playing live dealer Blackjack, Baccarat and Roulette Mondays through Fridays. To claim cashback, contact customer support.
Match bonuses are a type of promotion where the online casino matches the players deposit with a certain percentage of their own funds. For example, if you deposit $50 and claim a 100% match bonus, the casino matches your $50 with $50 of their own funds, giving you $100 to play with. There are match offers available from Big Dollar Casino every day of the week.
Bonuses at Big Dollar aren’t just for new players. There are plenty of Big Dollar Casino existing player bonus offers. A match deposit bonus is available 7 days a week on the site.
To claim the bonuses, enter the Big Dollar Casino bonus codes in the cashier section of the site.
Happy hour at Big Dollar Casino starts early and runs from 6am to 9am EDT. Play during that time and you will receive an additional 50 free spins to play during Happy Hour. If you redeem Happy Hour offers for 7 consecutive days you will be entered into a drawing where you can win additional prizes such as free spins, bonus money or gift baskets.
To claim your Happy Hour free spins, contact customer support.
If you enjoy playing slots you will want to take advantage of Big Dollar’s Free Spins Mania promotion.
Deposit on Sunday, Monday and Tuesday and you will receive 100 casino free spins on Wednesday. Contact customer support to claim free spins.
Big Bet Dollar Casino has a VIP loyalty program that rewards you with points for playing regularly. How many points you earn depends on the games you play and how much you wager.
It should be noted that if you are playing with an active bonus the number of points earned will be half. Players are automatically enrolled in the program when they place their first real money wager on the site.
At the lowers levels of the program points can be exchanged for bonus cash. At the upper levels you can claim items like gifts, televisions, golf clubs and more.
When an online casino holds a legitimate gambling license, it indicates they have complied with various rules and regulations that often benefit players. Failure to comply with the standards set forth by the licensing body puts the online casino’s license at risk. Gambling sites don’t want to risk losing their license which reduces the chances of encountering issues that can be resolved.
Big Dollar Casino holds a Curacao eGaming license, one of the better-known gambling licenses in the online casino industry.
It is a relatively simple process to claim the Big Dollar Casino no deposit bonus.
The no deposit bonus free spins will be credited to your account.
As previously mentioned, no deposit bonuses are updated and changed periodically. There isn’t a Big Dollar Casino 200 no deposit bonus or a Big Dollar Casino 100 free chip being offered at this time. However, there could be a Big Dollar Casino $100 free chip or even a Big Dollar Casino 300 free chip offer in the future.
To learn about another site that offers a no deposit bonus take a look at our Treasure Mile Casino review. You can find the best casino bonuses no deposit required by browsing our complete list of casinos.
Big Dollar online casino games come from multiple developers including Saucify, Rival Gaming, Betsoft Gaming and Fresh Deck studios. There are approximately 325 casino games available on Big Dollar, in several different categories. Most of the games have a free play option that allows you to learn a game and become comfortable with it before playing for real money. You will have to be logged in to use the free play mode.
Slots: Slots make up the biggest portion of the casino games at Big Dollar numbering over 250 different games. The selection is varied and includes 3-reel slots, 5-reel video slots as well as slots with progressive jackpots. Big Dollar has divided their slots into several sub-categories. Rather than categorizing slots by developer, they have grouped them based on the theme of the slots.
Slots categories include Best Crime & Mystery Slots, Best Egyptian Themed Slots, Best Warrior Themed Slots and Slots Fit for Royalty. In all, there is a total of 26 slot subcategories.
Live dealer games are growing in popularity with many sites adding them to their catalog of games.  It is nice to see live dealer casino no deposit bonus sites like Big Dollar joining the trend.
Players will find a total of 12 live dealer games at Big Dollar, all coming from Fresh Deck Studios. The game selection is limited to Blackjack, Roulette and Baccarat. Blackjack variations include Blackjack VIP, European Blackjack, Baltic Blackjack and Russian Blackjack. Roulette variations include European Roulette, American roulette and Auto Roulette while there is only one Baccarat game.
Video poker games are a favorite with many players, and with 12 games, there are enough at Big Dollar online casino to satisfy most players. All of the video poker games on the site come from Saucify and you can play the following titles.
There are a total of 32 games in the table games section of Big Dollar. This is a little misleading as 12 of those games are also in the video poker section. Twelve of the table games are the live dealer games mentioned above.
The table game selection leans heavily towards Blackjack. While Blackjack is arguably the most popular table game, we would like to see a little more variety.
While there are only a few keno games on the site, they have been allotted their own section as they don’t really fit anyplace else. The keno games offered at Big Dollar Casino are:
Smartphone and tablet users will be pleased to know that Big Dollar Casino offers free mobile apps for both Android and iOS devices. The Android app can be downloaded from the Big Dollar site. To download the iOS app, you will need to go to the Apple App store. You can log in to the site using the same username and password as you do on your PC.
Some people prefer not to download and app and that isn’t a problem. Big Dollar is a fully optimized mobile casino, and you can start playing games right away directly in your device’s web browser.
To place a real money bet Big Dollar Casino players will first have to deposit funds to the site.
Accepted currencies for deposit are USD, CAD, GBP, EUR, SEK, DKK, NOK and BTC. Players depositing in fiat currency must deposit in the currency of their country of origin. The exception to this is if your countries currency isn’t on the accepted list, in which case you may deposit in USD.
A number of banking options are available to players when they are ready to withdraw funds from their account.
Before funds can be withdrawn, some documents need to be submitted for verification purposes.
Players can contact Big Dollar customer support 24/7 via live chat. Customer support may also be reached through email at support@betbigdollar.com. If you prefer, they may also be contacted through one of their toll-free numbers.
Big Dollar Casino has been in operation since 2006 and has a Curacao eGaming license. They are owned by Genesys Technology N.V. which owns and operates 11 other online casinos in addition to Big Dollar
To protect user’s data Big Dollar uses SSL encryption technology and their games have been tested by an independent third-party to ensure random outcomes and fairness. Big Dollar is a legitimate online casino.
Big Dollar Casino has a nice welcome offer and bonuses are available every day of the week. Players have a good selection of games to choose from but we would like to see more variety in table games. There is a decent selection of banking options and we like that cryptocurrency is included. We found Big Dollar Casino to be well worth our time and recommend that you give them a try.
Once a players has registered to Big Dollar, made their first deposit and placed their first real money wager they will be automatically enrolled in the loyalty program and start earning points
The minimum allowed deposit amount at Big Dollar Casino is $20 and the minimum amount you are allowed to withdraw from the site is $100.
How can I join the Big Dollar Casino VIP program?
What are the minimum deposit and withdrawal amounts at Big Dollar Casino?
Can I claim a bonus offer more than one time?
It depends on the bonus offer. Some bonuses like the welcome bonus can only be claimed once. Others such as the daily match offers can be claimed multiple times.
Can I win real money playing with bonuses at Big Dollar?
As long as you comply with all of the bonus terms and conditions and have a little luck you can definitely win real money when playing with bonus funds.
How do I activate a bonus using my promo code at Big Dollar Casino?
To activate a bonus at Big Dollar proceed to the “Cashier” section, select the “Bonus” tab and enter your promo code in the provided field.